templates/rebase: general updates (#2135)
coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/rebase.md

Now we have a list of builds to untag. But we need a few more sanity checks.

- [ ] Check the current `testing-devel` image for packages signed with the N-2 key:

```
fN2key=<N-2 key hash>
podman run -it --rm quay.io/fedora/fedora-coreos:testing-devel rpm -qai | grep -i -B 9 $fN2key
podman rmi quay.io/fedora/fedora-coreos:testing-devel
```

If there are any packages in the output, there are two possible cases:

> 1. **The package is signed by multiple keys** including an older one. This is OK, but add it to the untaglist anyway so it gets retagged into `coreos-pool` with a newer key/signature. You'll need to untag the RPM from `coreos-pool`, run a `koji distrepo` (which will remove that RPM from the repo metadata), and then re-tag it into the pool. The RPM in the repo will now be signed with a newer signing key.

Reviewer: Maybe we should give the full distrepo command:

```suggestion
1. **The package is signed by multiple keys** including an older one. This is OK, but add it to the untaglist anyway so it gets retagged into `coreos-pool` with a newer key/signature. You'll need to untag the RPM from `coreos-pool`, run a `koji dist-repo --non-latest coreos-pool key1 key2 key3` (which will remove that RPM from the repo metadata), and then re-tag it into the pool. The RPM in the repo will now be signed with a newer signing key.
```
